Her entire body spasmed with pain and terror. Her legs went limp, her weight forcing her down onto Clint’s dick, while her convulsing insides stroked it violently. It was all too much and the leader’s semen released explosively into the dying girl’s pussy. Clint let out a roaring sigh of pleasure, wiped his cum-stained penis on her butt, and pushed her off of him, leaving her to fall to the street clutching the gaping slit in her neck. “Sorry, Big Guy, looks like you’ve got a time limit on this bitch.” Clint shrugged apologetically. “Not the first time, Boss.” Taylor was already undressed and stroking his terrifyingly massive member, fully erect. No turn-on quite like watching her bleed out in front of you. “Probably won’t be the last, either. Give her hell, Pal.” The tall thug grunted in acknowledgement and hastily approached the victim, eager to have his turn before she fully expired. He casually flipped her over onto her back with the toe of his boot. Grabbing her ankles and lifting her legs, he urgently rammed himself into her still spasming pussy, ignoring her wet, bubbling moans for help - taking pleasure in them, even. Next to him, Tiana looked even smaller than she was. He reached her furthest depths with a few inches of dick to spare. Each thrust shook her entire body, causing her blood-stained tits to sway seductively. Blood trickled from the corners of her mouth with her every gasp. There was enough cum in her pussy already, so when Taylor had had his fun down there, he pulled out and sat on her smooth belly. She was losing consciousness fast, but a couple rough slaps to her face brought her back to reality and denied her even that false escape. He rubbed his cock forwards and back across the valley of her chest, now with a mockingly gentle delicacy before mixing his semen with the flowing blood on her throat. The large man stood up and shot the rest of his seed onto her face, some landing directly into her wide open eye and mixing with her tears. Some also landed in her mouth and she gurgled a little more, so Harris bent down to shove her own cum-filled panties in far enough to choke her if she could still breath. Finally, Clint picked up a rusty nail from the gutter and pinned her winning ticket to her breast as a finishing touch. The three men stepped back to gaze at their handiwork. “Well, it’s been fun, Miss Mage, but we’re busy men, so we’ve got to go now. It looks like you’ve got a few problems of your own at this point, so we’ll leave you to it. Almost nobody comes this way, so you should have plenty of time to… finish up.” They turned to dress themselves and left her sprawled in the filthy alley, taking what remained of her equipment with them - adventuring gear and magic supplies sold well. Also, Harris was saving her bra for later. Tiana stared up at the sky through her unobstructed eye. It was only noon, but it was already getting dark. She couldn't move a muscle. She couldn't breathe. It had all happened so fast, her brain couldn’t totally comprehend everything that had just happened. Was it over? Was she going to die here, used and alone in the dark? Would her friends ever find out what happened to her? Would they even look? Would anyone at all miss her? What was the point? Her body tried to shiver from the cold, but couldn't. The darkening sky blurred as a final tear of despair formed before escaping her eye alongside the last spark of life. *** Clint turned back down the alley later that night. He’d done some research that afternoon, then he’d done some shopping. After the incident with the anti-magic device and considering the high-quality mage gear he was selling, he’d even gotten a miniscule discount on his supplies from the merchant. He slipped the large pack off his back next to the pale corpse still lying where he’d left it. “Turns out, with a little cleaning, you’ll fetch quite a price from certain clients, Miss. Ain’t that great news? Someone still wants a worthless rich kid like you. You may have squandered your life living a useless lifestyle, but don’t worry - I’ll make sure that nothing about your death goes to waste.” Clint chuckled quietly. He picked her up and unceremoniously dumped her remains into the pack. As he tied it shut, he paused to bend down and kiss her on her cold lips. Her terrified and confused expression was also exactly the way it had been. Dead girls weren’t his thing, but he could sort of see the appeal. He lifted the pack and started back to one of his personal hideouts. He had some work to do.